Zhang Cheng you
You are still alive
Long time no see.
Yang Bingbing
Zhao Zipeng
Humph
What are you doing here?
Is he now?
Workers chasing poor students
The scum of society
It must be because you have made great progress now
I want to corrupt a sum of money
Zhang Cheng
What about the past, let him go
I advise you to look forward
So you can go to work for my fiancé's company
I asked them to hire you exceptionally
As if I repay you
No need for Zhang Cheng
Don't be shameless.
I was forced to be with Zhao Zipeng back then
It's you who don't live up to your expectations, and you can't blame me.
Now I'm not what I used to be
If you dare to pester me again
It will make your life worse than death
Yang Bingbing was the one who betrayed him
How can you say such a thing shamelessly?
Betrayal hahaha
The world is cruel and realistic
If I had followed him, this trash
Where is the present glory and wealth
To blame, he can only blame himself for not being able to support the wall in the mud
After all, how can a pheasant be worthy of a phoenix?
Ahahaha
Yang Bingbing, you don't really think I still care about you, do you?
So what if you marry into the Past Life Group?
Was the Past Life Group great?
My Past Life Group